Remove Realm Plugin setting the bytecode target to 1.8 (#1514)
realm/realm-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

* None.

### Enhancements

> * Realm will now longer set the JVM bytecode to 1.8 when applying the Realm plugin. (Issue [#XXXX]())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Realm will now longer set the JVM bytecode to 1.8 when applying the Realm plugin. (Issue [#1513](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/1513))
```

> * Realm will now longer set the JVM bytecode to 1.8 when applying the Realm plugin. (Issue [#XXXX]())

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Realm will no longer set the JVM bytecode to 1.8 when applying the Realm plugin. (Issue [#XXXX]())
```
